hi guys it's joy I wanted to do a video
about the 1 million truckers that are
gonna roll in to the district of
criminals on october eleventh through
the 13th i would also like to show my
solidarity with the truck drivers i
think that it would be amazing if we
could get a million or more many many
more citizens to go on strike with these
truck drivers here's what you can do to
help don't go to work don't shop don't
drive don't go anywhere that you have to
spend money to play for those three days
buy your groceries gas everything you're
going to need to entertain your family
stay home park if the citizens park
while the truck drivers roll on the
district of criminals to stop the
corruption I think it will help make a
huge impact never mind the fact that
their facebook page was taken down I've
got information links down below in the
show more section of this video also
down below that is a list of youtubers
that I was able to find on a search that
have actually put out videos for the
truckers I'm encouraging and asking
everybody that has the ability to do so
to put a video on your channel whether
you have to remix it from somebody else
or make your own better yet spread the
word let them know that shutting down
the truck drivers Facebook page isn't
going to work we will support them we
love you truck drivers much loved
everybody
you